
+++What is a Live CD / USB?+++

A Live CD is a CD-ROM holding a self-contained bootable and fully
functional operating system. It loads into memory using only the data
provided on the CD. It will not modify any operating system or data
present on its host computer and will leave no trace after shutdown.

A Live USB flash drive is similar to a Live CD, but it can have the
added functionality of automatically and transparently writing changes
back to its bootable medium.

Salix Live is the Live CD version of [Salix http://www.salixos.org/].
You can therefore safely use it to 'test drive' Salix without having to
install anything on your computer. You will thus be able to determine
whether and to what extent Salix is compatible with your particular
hardware configuration and if it suits your personal taste.

If you are fully satisfied with your Live experience of Salix, you can
then proceed to install it with the help of the Salix Live Installer.

Salix Live will also come in handy as a mobile solution if you wish to
carry Salix everywhere you go, or if you need to perform some basic
rescue operation such as fixing an ailing LILO bootloader with Lilo
Setup, configuring some partitions with Gparted, etc.



+++Creating a Salix Live USB Key+++

- Open the .iso file using a software archiver (file-roller, xarchiver, 7-zip, iso-master, …).
- Extract all files and folders (boot, packages and Salix Live) to your USB root directory.
- Go to the ``boot`` directory on the USB key.
- If you're running on Unix (Linux, BSD, Mac OS X), just run the file
  called ``install-on-USB.sh`` (if it refuses to execute, try
  ``sh install-on-USB.sh``). If you're on Windows, just run the file
  called ``install-on-USB.cmd`` instead.
-


